# Introduction

At the fundamental level, Calculus focuses on how functions behave at infinity, or how they change under infinitesimally small changes. When you begin to describe the real world in the language of mathematics, it can become very complex. Imagine a copper wire with electricity flowing through it. This electricity is the manifestation of electrons flowing through the wire. These electrons carry a negative charge, and thus produce an electric field. We can easily describe the electric field of a single electron, but to describe a wire of electrons, we would have to add together the individual electric fields of millions, or perhaps even infinite number of electrons depending on how long the wire is. However, we must remember these electrons are not stationary, they are moving, and perhaps the rate at which they move through the wire fluctuates through time. It would then be important to know the rate at which the electric field changes with respect to a change in time, especially if we wanted to find the magnetic field produced by the wire. However we need a final and initial point in time to find a rate of change, but if we don't choose two points very close, infinitesimally close together, we may not get an accurate result. Physics can become even more complicated when we can only describe the rate of change of one quanity in terms of a rate of change of another, rather than in terms of the quantity itself. Thus understanding the behavior of functions at infinitesimal changes, or at infnite sums can useful if not necessary to understanding the world around us.

https://www.whitman.edu/mathematics/calculus_online